# Multivitamins
 What Is a Multivitamin...?  A multivitamin is a preparation intended to serve as a dietary supplement with vitamins, dietary minerals, and other nutritional elements. In simple terms, multivitamins are a combination of several different vitamins that are generally found in foods and other natural sources. Multivitamins are used to fulfill the needs of vitamins that are not taken in through the foods. They are available in the form of tablets, capsules, powders, liquids, and injectable forms. Bodies have different needs. Men require more nutrients than women. Though most people meet their nutrient needs through diet alone some others may need extra supplements. Older men are at a greater risk of several nutrient deficiencies, like vitamins B12 and vitamin D. Therefore, multivitamins are used to treat or prevent vitamin deficiency due to poor diet, pregnancy, digestive disorders, and certain illnesses. All the vitamins are named so in the order of their discovery. The one exception was vitamin K which was assigned its name "K" from the term "Koagulation" by Henrik Dam. There are 13 different vitamins in the human body. Out of these only vitamin K and D are produced by the human body. Unlike other groups of nutrients the vitamins are not chemically similar to each other. Each vitamin has a specific chemical structure and a specific function in the living system. Most of the vitamins act as coenzymes in the body. Normally a well-balanced diet will supply all the necessary vitamins in sufficient quantity.
